= qadmin

http://github.com/quirkey/qadmin

== DESCRIPTION:

An [almost] one command solution for adding admin interfaces/resources to a Rails app. 

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

Qadmin is a partial extraction of 2+ years of building Rails admin systems. A lot of the code comes from a Rails plugin I wrote (private) called quirkey_tools. 

The system consists currently of two parts: a generator, and a set of macros.

The generator is =~ the Rails resource generator, but instead of plopping all the code for the different standard resource actions into the controller and templates, it uses the #qadmin macro to include the standard resource actions.

== SYNOPSIS:

(Coming soon)

== REQUIREMENTS:

Right now, a rails app, but the eventual goal is to make it framework agnostic (work with Sinatra, etc, too)..

== INSTALL:

Qadmin can be installed as a gem or a plugin.

=== As a gem

  sudo gem install qadmin --source=http://gems.github.com

Then in your config/environment.rb

  config.gem 'qadmin'
  
=== As a plugin

  ./script/plugin install git://github.com/quirkey/qadmin.git  

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Aaron Quint, Quirkey NYC, LLC

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.